hey what's up call here not today I try
my hand at iOS app reviews and first up
tada
seriously so today SLR is a pro camera
app that hit the App Store last year
October from developers Mensch machine
publishing but hope that's correct the
latest iteration of this app version 1.5
is the one I've been playing with there
are however a couple of things we should
get out the way before getting into this
app first up it is a paid app so do be
aware of that breaking the bank at $2
from the u.s. app store secondly it is
only compatible with iOS 6 and it has
optimization for the iPhone 5 let's go
check out why this comically title app
sets itself apart from other camera apps
so once you've downloaded the app and
launched it the first thing you will see
is the tap to start tutorial I really
like apps that have these interactive
tutorials when you have a subject ready
to be captured simply captured as you
would any other camera app tap the
subject to focus it then hit the button
to take the shot just a few tips before
you proceed and possibly before you take
the photo
make sure the subject is well lit and is
not an extremely physically complex
object obviously you can't help it all
the time but it'll help with using the
one feature that makes this app great
when your subject has been effectively
captured the next part of the
interactive tutorial will guide you
through the masking process a little
graphic overlay will appear showing a
drunk finger snail hybrid no not really
but it's basically telling you to
outline the subject in your photo if
your subject is well lit with some
clearly defined edges this is a pretty
intuitive feature in some cases I've had
to do minimal fine-tuning speaking of
which should you wish to get a greater
accuracy with your mask you can do so by
pinch zooming into or out of the image
however be advised if you want to move
the image in any direction you have to
use two fingers or hit the move button
at the bottom I prefer the two finger
method but it does take some getting
used to now because you're only human
and have a tendency to make mistakes
tada has an erase mask as well so you
can clean up any untidy edges now to the
fun part the aperture settings this
feature is what makes this app so great
you can pull focus on your subject after
you've taken the shot which is fantastic
the aperture settings come in four
different flavors all circular
linear and off pretty much like
Instagram but with four more
capabilities and adjustment options
without boring you by going into too
much detail I will suggest you play
around with these features at length as
they can yield very creative and vastly
different results it's also in this
section where you can pull focus on your
subject by adjusting the aperture and
range sliders located at the bottom once
you're happy with the look you can then
make your way onward to the filter
section the DA has some filters that I
think Instagram could take a lesson from
they are plenty for your creative side
to go wild with you can also make some
final adjustments like brightness
contrast saturation cropping or whether
or not to add a vignette when all is
complete it's just a matter of sharing
your creation either with Facebook
Twitter or tumblr
this is a great app if you want some
more professional control over your
photos especially because you can pull
focus on your subject after the fact
that you've taken the shot and don't
mind forking over the $2 I'm really
enjoying it and will probably be using
it for sometime I like the general
interface and color scheme the nice
mutual cool colors is not bad at all I
would like to see the inclusion of
Instagram as a sharing option as I use
Instagram a lot and I'm not particularly
fond of setting up another social
profile all in all it's a great reliable
app for your collection tada
oh yeah I think I'm sufficiently
exhausted that joke let me know what you
think though could this app quite comes
to be find its way onto your device or
are you happy with the normal camera app
or other apps like Instagram vsco cam
and the like thanks for watching today's
video though if you liked what you saw
go ahead and hit that thumbs up button
and at the same time just go ahead and
click that sub button up in the corner
there my social links are roaming below
somewhere so do you go check them out
but as for me call see you guys on the
next one